docs: server functions (#2722)
BuilderIO/qwik: packages/docs/src/routes/qwikcity/loader/index.md

```tsx
import { component$ } from '@builder.io/qwik';

// Import the loader from the layout
import { getServerTime } from '../routes/layout.tsx';

export const Footer = component$(() => {
  // Consume the loader data
  const signal = getServerTime.use();
  return <footer>Server time: {signal.value.time}</footer>;
});
```

**File: `src/routes/admin/index.tsx`**

```tsx
import { component$ } from '@builder.io/qwik';
import { loader$ } from '@builder.io/qwik-city';

export const isLogged = loader$(({cookies}) => {
  return {
    logged: checkCookies(cookies);
  }
});

export const getCurrentUser = loader$(({cookies}) => {
  return {
    user: currentUserFromCookies(cookies);
  }
});

export default component$(() => {
  const logged = isLogged.use();
  const user = getCurrentUser.use();
  return (
    <section>
      <h1>Admin</h1>
      {logged.value.logged ? (
        <p>Welcome {user.value.user.name}</p>
      ) : (
        <p>You are not logged in</p>
      )}
    </section>
  );
});
```

## Loader context

Just like request handlers such as `onRequest` and `onGet`, loaders have access to the `RequestEvent` object, that includes information about the current request.

> This information comes handly when the loaders needs to conditionally return data based on the request, or it needs to override the response status, headers or body manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This information comes in handy when the loader needs to conditionally return data based on the request, or it needs to override the response status, headers or body manually.
```

```tsx
export const getServerTime = loader$((ev) => {
  console.log('Request headers:', ev.headers);
  console.log('Request cookies:', ev.cookies);
  console.log('Request url:', ev.url);
  console.log('Request method:', ev.method);
  console.log('Request params:', ev.params);

  return {
    time: Date.now();
  }
});
```

## When to use a loader?

A loader should be used when you need to provide some server-side data to your Qwik Components. For example, if you need to fetch some data from a database or an API, you can use a loader to do that.

> You should not use a loader to create a REST API, for that you better use a [Endpoint](/qwik-city/), which allows you to have tight control over the response headers and body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should not use a loader to create a REST API, for that you’d be better off using an [Endpoint](/qwik-city/), which allows you to have tight control over the response headers and body.
```
